<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>contributor coordination meeting - Feb 2024 #2 · contributing · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/index.html">contributing</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html">contributor coordination meeting - Feb 2024 #2</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://roc.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="497100715"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497100715" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497100715">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>We ran out of time to finish the discussion... let's continue the conversation <time datetime="2025-02-08T20:00:00Z">2025-02-09T07:00:00+11:00</time> </p>
<p>I got this date from our previous when2meet... let me know if your plans have changed. I understand that <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="781658">@Anthony Bullard</span> , <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="454654">@Ayaz Hafiz</span> , and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="453336">@Joshua Warner</span> we're not available at this time.</p>



<a name="497100834"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497100834" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497100834">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>Video call link: <a href="https://meet.google.com/krc-vseo-hvb">https://meet.google.com/krc-vseo-hvb</a></p>



<a name="497101662"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497101662" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Anthony Bullard <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497101662">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:44)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sounds good to me, I'll let you know if something changes</p>



<a name="497101739"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497101739" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Joshua Warner <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497101739">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sorry I missed it - are there notes anywhere I can read?</p>



<a name="497101802"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497101802" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497101802">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:45)</a>:</h4>
<p>No, uh, well...</p>



<a name="497101873"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497101873" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Anthony Bullard <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497101873">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:46)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="rofl" class="emoji emoji-1f923" role="img" title="rofl">:rofl:</span></p>



<a name="497210832"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497210832" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Notification Bot <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497210832">(Feb 02 2025 at 00:19)</a>:</h4>
<p>292 messages were moved from this topic to <a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="395097" href="/#narrow/channel/395097-compiler-development/topic/zig.20compiler.20-.20spike">#compiler development &gt; zig compiler - spike</a> by <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="515757">Luke Boswell</span>.</p>



<a name="497211445"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497211445" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497211445">(Feb 02 2025 at 00:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>Here's the PDF slides we started discussing... we got a little sidetracked around slide 15 <span aria-label="smiley" class="emoji emoji-1f603" role="img" title="smiley">:smiley:</span> </p>
<p>(deleted) -- the version 2 of the diagram was in the wrong order, see the correct version below</p>
<p>When Sam is back from his vacation <span aria-label="palm tree" class="emoji emoji-1f334" role="img" title="palm tree">:palm_tree:</span> <span aria-label="beach" class="emoji emoji-1f3d6" role="img" title="beach">:beach:</span> I'll try updating it to incorporate more of our discussion points along with the paired zig structures etc.</p>



<a name="497301173"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497301173" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Notification Bot <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497301173">(Feb 02 2025 at 23:16)</a>:</h4>
<p>89 messages were moved from this topic to <a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="395097" href="/#narrow/channel/395097-compiler-development/topic/zig.20compiler.20-.20IRs.20and.20pass.20ordering">#compiler development &gt; zig compiler - IRs and pass ordering</a> by <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="343810">Brendan Hansknecht</span>.</p>



<a name="497581636"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/497581636" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#497581636">(Feb 04 2025 at 04:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>Updated compiler on a page diagram (the old one was in the wrong order)</p>
<p><a href="/user_uploads/22008/Xsa_8XDkgvn6sT7_ASAR_lCu/Roc-Compiler-Stages-1-page-v3.svg">Roc Compiler Stages 1-page v3.svg</a></p>



<a name="498004670"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/498004670" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#498004670">(Feb 05 2025 at 23:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>I just wanted to post here and bump this thread in case you missed it. As always, anyone is welcome to join. </p>
<p>I intend the scope for this discussion to be our compiler development plans (let me know if I'm getting distracted on a random tangent).</p>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="461444">@Sam Mohr</span> has put a lot of work into the overall structure as a starting point, so I imagine we can go through that -- making a note for anything we want to talk more about or things that need further design work. </p>
<p>I would like to avoid digging too deep into specific technical details and focus on the higher level abstractions like project structure and testing strategy etc, and our plans to collaborate. Specifically, I think we should talk more about what we think needs to happen and why, and then who is interested in doing what (in the short term). </p>
<p>Having a meeting is a great way for someone like <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="461444">@Sam Mohr</span> who has thought deeply about things, to give an explanation of our current thinking or concepts for the compiler pipeline, and any clarification helps give everyone context. </p>
<p>If we want to go deep on a particular design, I think it would be better to have that kind of discussion in a Zulip thread where people can really get their thoughts out, or maybe schedule a followup conversation -- unless it's something that really affects everything.</p>
<p>The process so far has been translating the minimal parts we need from the Rust implementation and following Ayaz's cor experiment and design. I expect there to be lots of places where we can improve things, particularly with the IR's -- so if you're interested in this kind of thing, about now (right before we start building things) is probably the best time to have the biggest impact on the design.</p>
<p>The priority is to get an end to end compiler working with just the most basic features (i.e. functions and strings etc).</p>
<p>So, I imagine the next steps will be filling in all the missing pieces to implement each of the stages, which will be much easier to collaborate on with a clear structure and interfaces.</p>
<p>Let me know if you'd like to contribute or need any help. I'm no expert on compilers or anything, but happy to help point you in a direction (hopefully a good one).</p>



<a name="498524334"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/498524334" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> jan kili <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#498524334">(Feb 08 2025 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>See y'all in 90 minutes? Great presentation &amp; ideas last time, and I'm planning to be a fly on the wall again for this one.</p>



<a name="498524353"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/498524353" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#498524353">(Feb 08 2025 at 18:30)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yeppers</p>



<a name="498609646"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024%20%232/near/498609646" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Anthony Bullard <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.20.232.html#498609646">(Feb 09 2025 at 15:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sorry for not making it y'all.  My daughter is sick and has thrown my whole day off</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Mar 01 2026 at 12:20 UTC</p>
</html>