<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>contributor coordination meeting - Feb 2024 · contributing · Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/index.html">contributing</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html">contributor coordination meeting - Feb 2024</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://roc.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="495394766"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/495394766" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#495394766">(Jan 22 2025 at 23:54)</a>:</h4>
<p>Here's a <a href="https://www.when2meet.com/?28572383-Be32b">when2meet</a> for another contributor coordination meeting. </p>
<p>We've got a lot of different things going on -- particularly with the evolution of the compiler internals and new features (like SD replacing Abilities) -- and I think it would be helpful to sync up on these things. </p>
<p>I'm hoping we can have a more detailed conversation around the plan to achieve static dispatch and how we manage the compiler's evolution to support new Can (caching etc), new Mono (fix lambda-sets) etc. </p>
<p>Is it feasible to keep the current pipeline fully intact and operational?</p>
<p>I'd love to put together a diagram which describes the future compiler pipeline at a high level, and loosely maps some of our current state to that. It might just be the way my brain works, but it's currently hard for me to understand all the things going on so I assume it's challenging for others too.</p>



<a name="495454112"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/495454112" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Norbert Hajagos <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#495454112">(Jan 23 2025 at 09:01)</a>:</h4>
<p>I've filled my availability, but I would be more of an observer, so if a core contributor has conflicting availability with me, I wouldn't want to "win" with the timing of the meeting. Because of this, I'm sending this printscreen in – as I don't know if when2meet shows my name or not for the organizer–, so that you can make more informed decisions. I'm interested in the discussion; would be cool to catch the meeting, if it happens to be possible <span aria-label="smile" class="emoji emoji-1f642" role="img" title="smile">:smile:</span> <br>
<a href="/user_uploads/22008/wFeup5EI6QOtKuFqY-luB-Nk/image.png">image.png</a></p>
<div class="message_inline_image"><a href="/user_uploads/22008/wFeup5EI6QOtKuFqY-luB-Nk/image.png" title="image.png"><img data-original-content-type="image/png" data-original-dimensions="1528x885" src="/user_uploads/thumbnail/22008/wFeup5EI6QOtKuFqY-luB-Nk/image.png/840x560.webp"></a></div>



<a name="495458711"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/495458711" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#495458711">(Jan 23 2025 at 09:26)</a>:</h4>
<p>It does show your name <span aria-label="smiley" class="emoji emoji-1f603" role="img" title="smiley">:smiley:</span></p>



<a name="496071683"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/496071683" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#496071683">(Jan 27 2025 at 09:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Let's lock in <time datetime="2025-01-31T21:00:00Z">2025-02-01T08:00:00+11:00</time> </p>
<p>Video call link: <a href="https://meet.google.com/tsh-fyar-tpd">https://meet.google.com/tsh-fyar-tpd</a></p>



<a name="496167972"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/496167972" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Brendan Hansknecht <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#496167972">(Jan 27 2025 at 16:46)</a>:</h4>
<p>Guess I'll miss this one. Probably doesn't matter too much, I haven't actively worked on roc since the beginning of the month.</p>



<a name="496168533"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/496168533" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#496168533">(Jan 27 2025 at 16:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>We'll update you after</p>



<a name="496168697"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/496168697" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#496168697">(Jan 27 2025 at 16:50)</a>:</h4>
<p>We're mainly trying to align on strategy for getting the new pipeline off the ground</p>



<a name="496201798"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/496201798" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#496201798">(Jan 27 2025 at 19:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>It was a toss between this weekend or next, and I figure it'd be nice to have the compiler planning chat sooner than later. It looks like we've only got a smaller window, like 30mins ... so I am thinking maybe we keep the discussion really focussed on just the compiler Can and Mono evolution, and potentially follow up with another meeting the weekend following where we've also got people available if everyone's keen.</p>



<a name="496227288"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/496227288" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#496227288">(Jan 27 2025 at 23:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sounds good</p>



<a name="496545052"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/496545052" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#496545052">(Jan 29 2025 at 13:12)</a>:</h4>
<p>For those that are curious about what we'll be going over: Luke and I are putting together a presentation to organize the discussion, but the supplementary material is this repo containing the roughly proposed IRs for the new compiler stages: <a href="https://github.com/smores56/proposed-roc-pipeline">https://github.com/smores56/proposed-roc-pipeline</a></p>



<a name="496545248"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/496545248" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#496545248">(Jan 29 2025 at 13:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>You don't need to read through beforehand, but it will hopefully give everyone a picture of how the <code>build</code> phase of the compiler will work in the future, barring codegen.</p>



<a name="496545319"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/496545319" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#496545319">(Jan 29 2025 at 13:13)</a>:</h4>
<p>Also, it's not quite finished, so expect some changes between now and Friday (and probably even more cleanup after that).</p>



<a name="497086706"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/497086706" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Luke Boswell <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#497086706">(Jan 31 2025 at 20:54)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="515757">Luke Boswell</span> <a href="#narrow/channel/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024/near/496071683">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p><a href="https://meet.google.com/tsh-fyar-tpd">https://meet.google.com/tsh-fyar-tpd</a></p>
</blockquote>
<p>Starting soon... I've jumped in the call.</p>
<p>Note -- I'm not planning on recording this or anything. Happy to chat later with anyone who couldn't make it about it.</p>



<a name="497096587"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/497096587" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Richard Feldman <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#497096587">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://github.com/ziglang/zig/pull/21257#issuecomment-2336865183">https://github.com/ziglang/zig/pull/21257#issuecomment-2336865183</a></p>



<a name="497097085"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/497097085" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Richard Feldman <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#497097085">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>also FYI next Zig release is Feb 17</p>



<a name="497097088"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/497097088" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Richard Feldman <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#497097088">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:09)</a>:</h4>
<p><a href="https://ziglang.org/news/what-to-expect-from-release-month/">https://ziglang.org/news/what-to-expect-from-release-month/</a></p>



<a name="497097327"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/497097327" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#497097327">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:11)</a>:</h4>
<p>Thanks</p>



<a name="497100404"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/497100404" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Sam Mohr <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#497100404">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm PUMPED</p>



<a name="497102228"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/497102228" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Richard Feldman <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#497102228">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:49)</a>:</h4>
<p><span aria-label="grinning face with smiling eyes" class="emoji emoji-1f601" role="img" title="grinning face with smiling eyes">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span><span aria-label="grinning face with smiling eyes" class="emoji emoji-1f601" role="img" title="grinning face with smiling eyes">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span><span aria-label="grinning face with smiling eyes" class="emoji emoji-1f601" role="img" title="grinning face with smiling eyes">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span></p>



<a name="497102234"></a>
<h4><a href="https://roc.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor%20coordination%20meeting%20-%20Feb%202024/near/497102234" class="zl"><img src="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Richard Feldman <a href="https://roc-lang.github.io/zulip-export/stream/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024.html#497102234">(Jan 31 2025 at 22:49)</a>:</h4>
<p>meeeeee too!!!</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Mar 01 2026 at 12:20 UTC</p>
</html>