[
    {
        "content": "<p>Here's a <a href=\"https://www.when2meet.com/?28572383-Be32b\">when2meet</a> for another contributor coordination meeting. </p>\n<p>We've got a lot of different things going on -- particularly with the evolution of the compiler internals and new features (like SD replacing Abilities) -- and I think it would be helpful to sync up on these things. </p>\n<p>I'm hoping we can have a more detailed conversation around the plan to achieve static dispatch and how we manage the compiler's evolution to support new Can (caching etc), new Mono (fix lambda-sets) etc. </p>\n<p>Is it feasible to keep the current pipeline fully intact and operational?</p>\n<p>I'd love to put together a diagram which describes the future compiler pipeline at a high level, and loosely maps some of our current state to that. It might just be the way my brain works, but it's currently hard for me to understand all the things going on so I assume it's challenging for others too.</p>",
        "id": 495394766,
        "sender_full_name": "Luke Boswell",
        "timestamp": 1737590062
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I've filled my availability, but I would be more of an observer, so if a core contributor has conflicting availability with me, I wouldn't want to \"win\" with the timing of the meeting. Because of this, I'm sending this printscreen in – as I don't know if when2meet shows my name or not for the organizer–, so that you can make more informed decisions. I'm interested in the discussion; would be cool to catch the meeting, if it happens to be possible <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span> <br>\n<a href=\"/user_uploads/22008/wFeup5EI6QOtKuFqY-luB-Nk/image.png\">image.png</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/22008/wFeup5EI6QOtKuFqY-luB-Nk/image.png\" title=\"image.png\"><img data-original-content-type=\"image/png\" data-original-dimensions=\"1528x885\" src=\"/user_uploads/thumbnail/22008/wFeup5EI6QOtKuFqY-luB-Nk/image.png/840x560.webp\"></a></div>",
        "id": 495454112,
        "sender_full_name": "Norbert Hajagos",
        "timestamp": 1737622916
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It does show your name <span aria-label=\"smiley\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f603\" role=\"img\" title=\"smiley\">:smiley:</span></p>",
        "id": 495458711,
        "sender_full_name": "Luke Boswell",
        "timestamp": 1737624390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Let's lock in <time datetime=\"2025-01-31T21:00:00Z\">2025-02-01T08:00:00+11:00</time> </p>\n<p>Video call link: <a href=\"https://meet.google.com/tsh-fyar-tpd\">https://meet.google.com/tsh-fyar-tpd</a></p>",
        "id": 496071683,
        "sender_full_name": "Luke Boswell",
        "timestamp": 1737969957
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Guess I'll miss this one. Probably doesn't matter too much, I haven't actively worked on roc since the beginning of the month.</p>",
        "id": 496167972,
        "sender_full_name": "Brendan Hansknecht",
        "timestamp": 1737996393
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We'll update you after</p>",
        "id": 496168533,
        "sender_full_name": "Sam Mohr",
        "timestamp": 1737996581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We're mainly trying to align on strategy for getting the new pipeline off the ground</p>",
        "id": 496168697,
        "sender_full_name": "Sam Mohr",
        "timestamp": 1737996616
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It was a toss between this weekend or next, and I figure it'd be nice to have the compiler planning chat sooner than later. It looks like we've only got a smaller window, like 30mins ... so I am thinking maybe we keep the discussion really focussed on just the compiler Can and Mono evolution, and potentially follow up with another meeting the weekend following where we've also got people available if everyone's keen.</p>",
        "id": 496201798,
        "sender_full_name": "Luke Boswell",
        "timestamp": 1738007861
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds good</p>",
        "id": 496227288,
        "sender_full_name": "Sam Mohr",
        "timestamp": 1738019474
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For those that are curious about what we'll be going over: Luke and I are putting together a presentation to organize the discussion, but the supplementary material is this repo containing the roughly proposed IRs for the new compiler stages: <a href=\"https://github.com/smores56/proposed-roc-pipeline\">https://github.com/smores56/proposed-roc-pipeline</a></p>",
        "id": 496545052,
        "sender_full_name": "Sam Mohr",
        "timestamp": 1738156353
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You don't need to read through beforehand, but it will hopefully give everyone a picture of how the <code>build</code> phase of the compiler will work in the future, barring codegen.</p>",
        "id": 496545248,
        "sender_full_name": "Sam Mohr",
        "timestamp": 1738156400
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, it's not quite finished, so expect some changes between now and Friday (and probably even more cleanup after that).</p>",
        "id": 496545319,
        "sender_full_name": "Sam Mohr",
        "timestamp": 1738156422
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"515757\">Luke Boswell</span> <a href=\"#narrow/channel/316715-contributing/topic/contributor.20coordination.20meeting.20-.20Feb.202024/near/496071683\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p><a href=\"https://meet.google.com/tsh-fyar-tpd\">https://meet.google.com/tsh-fyar-tpd</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Starting soon... I've jumped in the call.</p>\n<p>Note -- I'm not planning on recording this or anything. Happy to chat later with anyone who couldn't make it about it.</p>",
        "id": 497086706,
        "sender_full_name": "Luke Boswell",
        "timestamp": 1738356895
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/ziglang/zig/pull/21257#issuecomment-2336865183\">https://github.com/ziglang/zig/pull/21257#issuecomment-2336865183</a></p>",
        "id": 497096587,
        "sender_full_name": "Richard Feldman",
        "timestamp": 1738361175
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>also FYI next Zig release is Feb 17</p>",
        "id": 497097085,
        "sender_full_name": "Richard Feldman",
        "timestamp": 1738361388
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://ziglang.org/news/what-to-expect-from-release-month/\">https://ziglang.org/news/what-to-expect-from-release-month/</a></p>",
        "id": 497097088,
        "sender_full_name": "Richard Feldman",
        "timestamp": 1738361389
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Thanks</p>",
        "id": 497097327,
        "sender_full_name": "Sam Mohr",
        "timestamp": 1738361484
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm PUMPED</p>",
        "id": 497100404,
        "sender_full_name": "Sam Mohr",
        "timestamp": 1738362960
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span aria-label=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f601\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span><span aria-label=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f601\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span><span aria-label=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f601\" role=\"img\" title=\"grinning face with smiling eyes\">:grinning_face_with_smiling_eyes:</span></p>",
        "id": 497102228,
        "sender_full_name": "Richard Feldman",
        "timestamp": 1738363772
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>meeeeee too!!!</p>",
        "id": 497102234,
        "sender_full_name": "Richard Feldman",
        "timestamp": 1738363780
    }
]